No, no, no, please, please Commander, don't let him go.
I'm begging you, please Commander.
I'll hear you begging.
I don't see no action.
Where's your bully?
Laura and Joseph, now you disrespect me and Henry.
Disrespect the whole brand or mercenary group.
David, I'm going to teach you a lesson today.
Of course I'm going to take care of this fool.
No, no, no, Daniel!
Daniel!
Don't shoot, just go kill him, I'll kill Leo!
No, it's none of their faults.
Don't listen to me.
Let him go or you'll offend your biggest partner
that you don't want to do that, do you think I'm right there?
You're talking that bullshit.
I might or you're cursed, but soon you ain't going
to be able to say it weren't.
I'm going to deal with him.
Then I'm dealing with you.
No, no, no, don't shoot!
Don't shoot!
Ha!
Are you scared now, are you, kid?
Tell you what, you send your mom up to my bed.
She goes, all right, I'll let you all live.
How dare you try to fight me, you crippled bastard.
Don't you dare!
The hell's going on?